In silent love we've gone, And we've been far from home.
At the blood and nail of Christ, And in love in death's increase,
He guard us in dear life home, When in youth our prayers sit home.
God, in thy blood rule, God, in thy blood rule.
In silent love we've gone, And we've been far from home.
Now we're bound above your rule, In death's increase, God, life you do.
God, our Lord, in death's own death, Holy are you, right over him.
God, in thy blood rule, God, in thy blood rule.
In silent love we've gone, And we've been far from home.
Midride of the young guy D, Yes, he grist the throne as free.
Guy with one whole blood, all blue, Has no head, with all in blue.
God, in thy blood rule, God, in thy blood rule.